Prepare v1.3.0 (#139)
piraeusdatastore/piraeus-operator: UPGRADE.md

# General notes

> Upgrade using the Piraeus etcd deployment require etcd to use persistent storage. Only follow these steps if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading using the Piraeus etcd deployment requires etcd to use persistent storage. Only follow these steps if
```
